vmctl: disable progress bar for prometheus snapshot migrations (#6385)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmauth/): properly release memory used for metrics during config reload. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6247).
* BUGFIX: [dashboards](https://grafana.com/orgs/victoriametrics): fix `AnnotationQueryRunner` error in Grafana when executing annotations query against Prometheus backend. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6309) for details.
* BUGFIX: [Single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/) and `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/cluster-victoriametrics/): filter deleted label names and values from [`/api/v1/labels`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/url-examples/#apiv1labels) and [`/api/v1/label/.../values`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/url-examples/#apiv1labelvalues) responses when `match[]` filter matches small number of time series. The issue was introduced [v1.81.0](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/changelog_2022/#v1810).

> * BUGFIX: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl/): add `--disable-progress-bar` global command-line flags for all protocols. It can be used for disabling progress bar per each worker during the import. flag `--vm-disable-progress-bar` will be DEPRECATED in the future. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6367).

Reviewer: Could you also add deprecation notice to the top of `tip` section into as an "update note"?

```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl/): add `--disable-progress-bar` global command-line flag. It can be used for disabling dynamic progress bar for any migration modes.  `--vm-disable-progress-bar`  command-line flag is deprecated and will be removed in the future releases.  See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/6367).
```

Author: updated
